Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
First new message.
Hey Blaise it's
Ferhan speaking.
Thank you so much for
getting back to my
application to join your
project Rainbow Films.
I just wondered if it
would be possible to meet
with you tomorrow.
I know you're going to be
in Birmingham to film the
anti-LGBT protests.
As it happens I'm gonna
to be there as well.
So I wondered if maybe we
could just connect while
we're both there and talk
a little bit about the
project.
And maybe you can find
out a little bit about
what I'm about too.
Your message will
be saved for seven days.
When I see my
sisters leave the school
and come to me and cry
and say we are sending our
most prized possession
into a school where they
are messing with our
children's heads.
I will not sit back.
I don't know about
none of you but I
will not sit back and I
urge you to stand with me
every single time
we protest.
Let kids.
Be kids.
Listen to
parents.
We will not
step down.
Don't engage with him.
Why not?
Why can't you engage with me?
He's an Islamophobe
that's why.
I'm not an Islamophobe.
How can I be an
Islamophobe of I'm a
Muslim?
Alright OK would you like
your son to be gay?
Well it's not really for
me to decide whether he's gay
or straight.
He is I know he is.
You are gay?
Are you asking me
if I'm gay?
I say you are gay?
Well why do you
want to know?
Look like look like.
Because you talking. You
talking in woman and gay.
Are you gay?
Keep away keep away.
I love this jacket.
This jacket looks
amazing.
Amazeballs.
You will not see
homophobic abuse from us
to any
individual of the LGBT
community or the
community -
With all due respect
you don't get to decide who
is homophobic
and or not.
With all due respect -
Our children
Our right.
I'm a queer Muslim
activist and I'm here to
observe the protests
and try to
provide a counter
narrative as a queer
Muslim to be visible as a
Muslim and say actually.
there's nothing in the
faith that compels you to
be homophobic.
Only LGBTQ community can
decide who is homophobic
and who isn't.
Look in this country in
this country.
they can't even define
what Islamophobia is.
They keep saying oooh no
that's not what we're
teaching.
Oooh no.
Well what's this?
What's this?
It's out of your books.
And there are some things
on there that are so
shameful I struggle to
put them up because I'll
myself in disrepute but
the people in that school
don't feel sensitivity
towards it.
Shakeel quick flashes.
quick flashes. that's all
we can do.
Because there are
paedophiles in there
There are paedophiles
in there.
I can't put half
of it up.
Give it us here.
There are
paedophiles in there.
This is a
paedophilia agenda.
People just genuinely
want to have their voice heard.
I think it's a shame that
they have to shout about
it on a megaphone and do
it this way.
but they just seem to
want to have their voice
heard.
Where you from?
Rainbow Films.
Don't worry about them.
I'm gonna do a little
interview with you. So
you you're concerned
about some of the
materials being
shown to kids.
Yeah?
Erm.
And you're gonna show me
some of the materials
that they're showing it.
Definitely.
Okay so what
about this one?
First of all. what we've
got here?
We've got Heather
has two Mummies.
What's wrong with that?
Men love men.
Okay fine.
Men love men. Fine.
Women love women fine.
Oh. I feel bisexual
okay I'll still look like
a yoyo. fine.
What about transgender?
What are you telling
our children?
That a boy can
be a girl?
Are you a boy
or a girl?
So let's talk about -
I'm actually
gender non-binary.
I don't care what you are
it doesn't matter about
what you are
or what I am.
Our children and they
grew up in our
households and we don't
it's not about you.
This is a problem
isn't it?
All of this is very
subjective for you.
You whole life
is about you.
Your whole life is
subjective. It's how you
see things.
And this is we have an
objective viewpoint -
Can we have a look at
some more of them.
There's no need just
stay on that one.
Right do you know what?
There's nothing wrong
with this one.
What do you means there's
nothing wrong with it?
This is where
it's all at.
Are you a boy or a girl
what's the big deal -
Right can I have a look
at some more please?
No. no. no. no.
Why not?
I'll tell you why.
Because there's
a
school down in Slough.
There's another -
Right -
Can I just have a -
Can I -
Can I have these
please or otherwise I'm
not doing this.
Can I just say -
No no give me these -
No I want to look at the
other ones.
It was to just do this
one. I want to do
transgender.
Our children are not
transgender they're only
four and five.
Can I have a look at the
other one.
They belong to him.
Well then how am I
supposed to discuss them
if he's not gonna show
me them.
This discussion needs to
be around them.
Right so let's see
some more.
No. The discussion
needs to be -
Can I have a look at the
other ones please?
And I have to say well a
child of four or five
doesn't know his own
sexuality
he doesn't know
the word sex.
So I think that the
passion that the
protesters are showing
all comes from nothing
more than deep
homophobia.
You should be
representing the parents.
Mum why you having a
debate?
Ooh mum. Is that your
mum?
Can I have a picture with
all of you?
No. no. no. thank you.
Shame on you own
during Ramadan.
What what?
Move from my face.
That's not -
Why well.
Shame on you.
She asked him.
She asked him for his opinion.
No no no.
Aunty asked him for his
opinion.
Aunty asked me.
Unfortunately I've got a
- I made. listen guys.
Just to clarify I made a
video with this man and I
spoke to him very
politely but you know
what he did?
He posted all the videos
on his YouTube except for
mine.
Why? Because he's he's
he's vile arrogant bigot.
Don't talk to him.
I didn't have time.
I didn't have time to do
your video
Right anyway right let's
let's do our video.
You're gonna be
accountable.
Can I - sorry can I just
do this interview please.
No we don't like this
silly business. Have you
got children here?
No. Then why you here
for? Huh?
Can I just do my
interview please?
No no.
Just go away from here.
You're not wanted here.
You're the devils game.
Shameful shameful.
Which one of you here has
ever protested at the
Birmingham
Gay Pride event?
None of us.
Yet we have an LGBT
member who wants to come
and try to make out
we are homophobic.
We will protest and
protest and protest
the same way
our brothers and
sisters around the world
take bombs after bombs
after bombs after bombs.
We will protest and
protest.
Even if till my
hair goes white.
I'll carry on protesting.
Everybody has the
right to protest. but we have
the right to show them
how to protest.
And no protest in the
city does it as
colourfully as we do.
A few years ago
Birmingham Pride
helped to fund a project
that at the time we knew
very little about.
And it was called 'No
Outsiders'.
Little did we know how
important and significant
it would be this Pride
weekend.
And our protest this
weekend is one of
tolerance and equality
and togetherness and love
and acceptance.
And that our
relationships are as
important as yours.
And the person who put
all that into a book and
it formed part of
the national curriculum
was a guy called
Andrew Moffitt.
And Andrew Moffitt will
be leading our parade
today alongside
for the first
time in our history two
members of the LGBTQ
Muslim community because
we're walking together.
This is what I want
my children in my school
to see because
this is Birmingham. not
the protests.
This is Birmingham.
looking around me now I
can see different skin.
different religions.
different faiths.
disabilities. LGBTQ+
and it works.
Celebrate Birmingham today
remember wherever you
are whoever you are
there are 'No Outsiders' here.
You need a wristband sir!
Excuse me you need a wristband.
Don't misgender me
because I'm not -
don't touch me.
Don't touch me.
Whoa whoa whoa.
What are you doing?
Look what he's
doing to me.
This is how they
treat people.
Look at them.
Look at the way
they treat me.
Let go.
Calm down.
Let go of me.
Get off.
You can't
let them do this.
So Rainbow Films is a
project that was born out
of a discussion that I
had with
some of our previous
participants in some
shape or form every
single person
in that conversation had
been a victim of a hate
crime like I myself have
numerous times been
attacked. I had a bottle
smashed in my face.
I've been
stamped by rude boys in a
nightclub literally
stamping on my head
because I got
in the way of them
arguing with someone and
then they were
like shut the
fuck up you batty boy and
I got bottled across the
head and then
stamped on the face.
For that kid like me
feeling intimidated.
pestered. harassed by
people just
because they are who they
are. you are not alone.
And just having that
visibility.
I think is so important
to allow people to feel -
You know what. there's
nothing wrong with me.
I'm a human being at the
end of the day
and my sexuality should
not be something that I
feel ashamed about
because other people make
me feel that way.
I basically got
manhandled out of Pride.
And this Pride is
supposed to be about
inclusion.
It's supposed to be about
counter protest against
the homophobic
rhetoric that some Muslim
communities within
Birmingham are spouting.
And me as a gay Muslim
I want to kinda be a
counter narrative to all that.
We've started
a new platform.
It's all about queer
people of colour
and it's all about our
experiences.
It's about the events
that we go to.
It's about the prejudices
that we face
the discriminative
behaviour that we
encounter along the way
and I thought it'd be a
really great idea to get
you involved.
So like how did all this
come about?
A few years ago. I was a
secondary school teacher.
Don't ask me how
that happened.
But the reason why I say
that is because
high school for me
like many queer people
was a place of trauma.
I hadn't actually come
out myself as a gay man
however on my social
media. it was quite
obvious I was
and the students found
out I was gay.
Hi Blaise.
Er you're
not in this class.
Bye Blaise.
Okay. Anyone want to read
out what it says?
What do you think
the intention was?
If it's left on my seat
specifically?
And not just like it fell
off the table but like
literally strategically
placed on the chair.
So when I come back
I will see it.
Okay. well I'm gonna
help you out.
I think it was to shame.
The intention was to
shame.
Considering what you may
or may not know of me.
As a gay man I have
encountered many of these
microaggressions
probably on a daily
basis.
Now. I'm quite secure in
who I am.
It's taken me quite a few
years to get there.
I've been through loads
of things.
So this is kind of like a
minor in comparison.
Yeah. but what it does is
it does kind of bring
back things.
So in my hand
I've got the handwritten
statements that you guys wrote.
This plus this analysis
equals culprit.
You might be feeling your
ears burning
your heart racing
if it was you
if you feel any kind of
guilt or any shame for
what you've done
you'll be feeling that
right now.
Now you multiply that by
every single session
you're going to see me
between now and the end
of the year.
And that's 16 lessons
yeah 16 times two hours
32 hours coming
into this class
seeing me knowing
what you did
knowing that I've outed
you and now you may be
potentially be treated
differently for that.
Okay.
And that doesn't even
come close to what an
LGBT person experiences
in their life when they
go to school
and every single day they
receive
microaggressive abuse
like this
every single day.
It's not a good feeling.
So I'm not going to out
you. I'm not going to
stoop to that level
because that's not me.
I've been there I felt
it. Because I am now in a
position where my
sexuality does not define
who I am. It's how I deal
with it. And it's
situations like this.
that make me who I am.
So I set them this
assignment and it was
basically to create a
three to four minute
video promoting
equality and diversity.
It got shut down
by the year head
who said to the students
that look. you're not doing
it because it's not part
of the curriculum.
So I left my teaching
job and I decided to
work here full time and
this is what I've been
doing for the last four
years. I've been working
with young people.
people of colour
people from the LGBT community
to provide them a safe space
to give them a voice and
help them to challenge stereotypes.
You have an opportunity
to create characters
for people from
your community.
Because if you ain't
gonna do it
no one else it
gonna do it yeah?
So if you keep using
names like John and Sarah
you're gonna get the
same old stale crappy
actors that you see
on TV all the time.
Start creating characters
that are Jassia
or your Sharonjeets
or Masood.
Or Sufiyan.
Use names like that.
Because this is what
these sessions are about.
So I'm currently training
a team of community
reporters who are going
to go out and interview
queer people of colour
role models and also
identify the various
queer safe spaces that
exist.
What does it mean to be a
queer person of colour in
today's society?
Like I've come out to all
these spaces and what
I've realised is like
it's cool we've got
all these like LGBT+
people but it's all just White.
And it's all just
like anytime I bring up
race everyone just gets
a bit like oh I don't
want to talk about that.
Kind of growing up I
never saw
any Black or B rown faces
that were queer.
Now where I'm at university
and being able to like
do lots of different
things and run my own
projects in order to make
sure that queer people of
colour are heard
in the narrative.
When you are a queer
person of colour it's
not necessarily as
accepted in BAME circles
as it is white circles
so you pretty much have
to find your chosen
family.
Which sharable little
pieces of content can we
create that's
provocative that's
controversial that's
gonna get people talking.
I wanted to do
this video which I think
potentially is going to
get us a lot of hits and
it's basically how gay
friendly is your high street?
And what we're
thinking of doing is
having two people kissing
in different high streets.
I'm up for it actually.
Would you do it?
I knew you would.
Because I have like the
structure of what I want
for each verse to be
like. people who feel
like they're kind of
trapped by being South
Asian and being queer as
well. It could be
people's parents like
that they're forcing you
to go one way and then
you feel like you're
losing yourself and the
chorus is just gonna be
like you know maybe I
do wanna live my own
life I want to hold
someone else's hand I
wannna love how
I want to basically.
When I was your age
I never even thought
about coming out.
But because I was
outed by someone
Oh yeah.
I ended up just going
with it and it was the
best thing that happened
to me because I didn't
have to make those
conversations it just
happened and it was fine.
I was outed in school
though but that's how
everyone else knows. I
was only like 13 as well.
I was watching Glee and
then my favourite
character came out as a
lesbian and I was like a
lesbian what's that? So I
got bored and I Googled it.
And then I found out
about bisexuality.
Straight away just kind
of clicked with me so I
told a couple of people
like my friends and they
were like oh yeah
that's chill and then
the next day I came to
school and the entire
school was calling me a
lesbian and I was like
what?
I shared a room with my
brother for 21 years of
my life. he hated me.
Me and him did not get on.
At this age. I knew
something was off and I
definitely knew that I
had feelings that I
shouldn't be having.
What like as in an
attraction or you were
just felt like you're
more interested in them
than you normally
would be.
Yeah it was like it was
a bit of both like
obviously I couldn't
accept the fact that it
as an attraction at that
age I was like gay
is wrong whatever.
I also was like crushing on
this girl in my school.
You know I actually
have a friend he
came out as bisexual when
we were like 14 and
then he came out as gay
when we were 15 because
he was like no. no.
nevermind I like guys.
And it's like so many
people use that as an
excuse to say oh
bisexuality is just a phase.
But I don't understand
that cuz like they
think bisexual people
have it easier we really
don't.
Yeah. I was 24.
Yeah.
The first time I ever
said it to someone.
I got to a point where
I was clearly
attracted to men.
Right.
But I was like I don't
want romantic
relationships with them
because they all suck.
Like all the men in my
life I never got
on with my brother I
don't get on with my dad.
And then I fell in love
with my straight best
friend.
Right.
And that went on
for like a year.
What did he look like?
Okay. so he's like.
a white guy.
Right.
Blonde hair.
He had a very
like cute face.
Like soft boy.
You were
describing that there's
like a certain type of
personality and like
attitude that comes with
people that grew up in
Southall so you're not
really like attracted to
those kind of guys?
No like I'm
not really.
Because all my friends
are jokingly be like
oh you always go for
like the white guy.
But they say that and the
thing I immediately go
back with is like because
those are the only
I meet.
I still have such a crush
on Chun-Li I don't even get it.
I'm just like fully love you
and want to be you.
Just like all kinds -
just everything.
Oh I see the guy you're
talking about.
The one by the wall?
Yeah the window.
Yeah he cute.
Paki.
Towelhead.
Whore.
Slut. greedy. sex
obsessed.
Slave.
Mulan.
Dark chocolate.
Ladyboy.
Oriental.
Nigga.
Jackie Chan.
Yellow face.
Golliwog.
When you're East Asian
people have either have
this idea that you're
going to be very sexually
provocative or naughty.
And he was like. oh.
you're not full Asian
right? When you're full
Asian like they're
generally not good
looking.
Obviously there's a big
issue with racism.
When you try and bring
that to light sometimes
a lot of people act like
you're trying to make
things up or you're
trying to divide the
community when obviously
it's stuff that's
happened to you.
Stonewall and a lot of
historical queer history
was brought about by
queer people of colour
and that's something we
mustn't forget. We wanna
be part of the
community but there's not
always a space for us.
I think more inclusivity is
very important which is
why I'm really eager and
looking forward to
UK Black Pride.
The power I have in my
privilege of being able
to stand up as an out and
proud bisexual Muslim.
When I do see people of
colour who only date
White people I try not to
be judgmental.
A lot of the time some of
it can stem from
internalised racism.
You know the idea that
oh well you know I'm
just I'm just attracted
to who I'm attracted to.
It's like what how come
you only date White girls
though? You know that
there's something else
there that that informs
that attraction perhaps
it's something else that
you're trying to escape
or that you don't want to
deal with.
Or in the case of White
people the validation
right?
Right or the
or the validation.
I acknowledge that a
couple years ago I was
like I've got Master
syndrome
right I don't know if
that's a thing.
I found myself like
looking for that
validation in White men
right. Like I needed them
to find me attractive to
fuck me hard to like to
to go there in order for
me to feel desirable or
sexy.
And I'm trying very hard
to dismantle that
thinking.
I'm certainly one of
those black guys who for
a time saw validation in
Whiteness and so I
always pursued White men
always felt more
flattered when a White
man thought I was
attractive and I
realised just how
colonised that thinking is.
I think sexual racism
is a thing and I think
it's something that we
have to grapple with both
as people of colour but
also that White men
really need to get their
head around that all of
our desires our
preferences they come
from somewhere right?
We don't exist in a vacuum.
I've written about this
before you know this
this idea that we somehow
arrive at our desires
without any input from
the external world is
wildly inaccurate.
And I think people are
really scared to confront
sexual racism because
they see themselves as
not racist and I think
there's also this weird
thing that happens with
desire or when it's when
racism is couched in
desire it's somehow not
racism. right? But it is
right the reduction of
people to their exterior
parts to their skin tone
to their blackness to the
size of their penis
like that's all racist.
I went through a
very public shaming
I lost my job my past was
kind of thrown in my
face and I was hurting
and I was having these
really beautiful conversations
with people who
were kind of rallying
around me and as I was
having these conversations.
I was like oh my god
people need to hear this right
they need to hear the
wonderful collected wisdom
of our community and
you know these were
predominantly queer black
people who were using
their own life experiences
their own mistakes
their own adversity
to help bolster me
to say you're gonna
get through this
you messed up
but you'll get
back up again
take time to heal
and just kept giving
me this amazing
advice.
You know Busy Being Black
is a healing project
its a way for me to
connect with my people
and to learn from
people about how they are
healing. thriving. living
at this kind of
messy intersection of
Blackness and queerness.
18 months in and
I feel like I'm just
now getting the
confidence to say
hey what I've made is
actually shit hot
I'm good at this.
We are so honored to
be occupying this space
with so many queer
people of colour.
Oh my gosh
isn't this wonderful
a sea of beautiful Black
and Brown faces and allies.
UK Black Pride is about
people over profits.
recognising that our
personal is political and
our political is
personal. UK Black Pride
is about love. pain. joy.
success. and you'll find
that all in one place.
And that one place
is the family.
Being an openly gay
police officer was
probably the easiest job
I did. I never received
any abuse for being queer
because they really don't
care as long as you can
do the job as long as
you've got their back
when things happen you
could be anything.
You could be a green alien.
When it comes to the
public I only had one
incident and that was on
a boxing day night shift
at four o'clock in the
morning two people had
really brutally beaten up
this person and ran
away and we ran after then
I caught one of them and
I sat on him and he said
'Get off me you queer
black bastard.'
I just stayed sitting on
him didn't say anything
didn't retaliate.
And then I put it in my
statement and it wasn't
till the next day the
sergeant in control of
the investigation came up
to me and said you didn't
arrest him for racially
abusing you. I was
like I just thought it
was the part of the job.
He's like. no. Is the
organisation overall
institutionally racist?
Yeah. it is. Definitely.
Do you know if I wasn't a
queer person of colour. I
wouldn't be so outspoken.
I wouldn't have craft
myself into an
entrepreneur. I very much
believe that being gay
has pushed me to have to
say. no one is going to
help you. You're going to
have to do this yourself.
So it's very much crafted
and moulded who I am
today. I mean. that's
also why I'm part of
Black Pride. And it's
really hard when you've
got people saying there
shouldn't be a Black
Pride. Why do you have a
Black Pride?
If we lived in an ideal
world we wouldn't need
Prides. But we do. We
don't live in an ideal
world. We have racism. we
have Islamophobia. We
have so many forms of
discrimination. And
that's why UK Black Pride
is needed.
When we rise.
I wish I got involved in
the community when I was
younger. I'm 33 now I
think if I just had the
community around me when
I was a bit younger and
I could relate things to
people without having to
think about it myself in
my bedroom and think this
is just the way it is
that's just not just the
way it is and there's
people that can help.
You know that understand
what you're going through.
UK Black Pride.
Yeah cuz like I haven't
come out to my parents
but like. I mean my
siblings like I think
they have like an inkling
that I'm queer because
like. I'm just queer.
If I were to give anyone
advice. I would probably
say. to not feel the need
or pressure to tell
everyone right away. I
when I was younger made a
pact with myself that I
would come out of the
closet even though I
didn't know what that
meant. When I was older
and lived on my own and
finished my school and
was financially
independent. It wasn't
until my parents asked me
at 19 which was on my
timeline. seven years too
early that I just
decided to just get it
over with right away. The
beautiful thing is people
have the internet and
people are not telling
their stories. So it's
like you don't have to
learn from your own
mistakes. I think it's
really important to do
the research now that
it's available to learn
that you are valid. You
are allowed to be queer.
you are not a disrespect
to your family. You are a
completely and
unconditionally lovable
and if other people don't
immediately show you
that. that you will find
those people who make you
believe again in your
life. To like learn that
as a fundamental pillar
of courage and strength
before you start coming
out to people who don't
have your best interest
during that moment.
It has been a dream of
mine to collaborate with
the Tate in any capacity
and the fact that they've
allowed us to like throw
a Hungama as well as do
an LGBT night as well as
celebrate Sridevi is like
beyond my imagination.
And so I thank you from
the bottom of my heart.
And I just want to say
that tonight is not just
about us. It's not just
about the LGBT community.
It is about Sridevi and
it also is about her
Perdes Simplay who passed
away last week. He ran
Saathi for 18 years in
Birmingham. He was a
legend. I never met him.
but he always messaged me
with nothing but support.
And he's like Hungama's
great. Keep doing it. And
when I found out he
passed away. I was
devastated. Because like.
the earth lost an angel.
And so tonight we
celebrate for him. okay?
For me the reason why I
came to these events is
because I never really
found the safe space
where I am from. Because
I live in West London in
Southall it's a very
closed off community. And
growing up I never really
knew anyone else who was
queer like me. So it was
really tough trying to
find trying to find
somewhere where I felt
like I could accept my
identity as
bisexual as well as being
Indian.
You'd be doing me a bad
favour if you didn't
follow him on Instagram.
Battyman Arun.
Once you go through all
of that oppression and
all the challenges and
obstacles of coming out
and trying to find your
community it is so
devastating to walk into
the doors of places that
you're supposed to be
welcomed. and still feel
alone. Like it's like
getting to the end of a
desert and when you find
that like small fountain
of water
realising it just run dry
like is it can be really
harrowing.
And then after the first
song. we go into each
song you don't know
what they are
performing your hardest.
live your best Madhuri
Dixit life.
Live your best
Aishwarya life.
Sridevi life.
Live your best life.
I think it's important
for people of colour to
to have their own queer
safe spaces because we are
as wonderful as we
are different and to pretend
that we're one way to
pretend that we're one
genre of music or to pretend
that we're one tone
or colour in a room
is fools errand.
You need to be
who you are. Who you are
is the only way this
world's going to change
for the better.
I wish my mom was here.
Okay cool. On with the
programme.
We are not homophobic.
Let kids be kids.
I mean like
she was passing the mic
to her child to say our
kids our choice.
A lot of control
going on of children.
Very sad.
We are not homophobic.
Do you oppose are you
opposed to LGBTQ
relationship education in
primary school?
No I've not got a problem
with it but you know
I've got -
Humza can I ask
you a question? Sorry to
interrupt you.
Sorry he's speaking.
Do you agree
with this?
When goldpants crapped
his underpants?
You're not letting
people speak.
The truth. The truth. The
truth about Ferhan Khan.
So Pride is supposed to
be an event for everyone
right?
With wristbands.
Now unfortunately.
they're putting profit
before Pride.
Look at they way they're
manhandling me because I
haven't got a wristband.
Look at that.
Is this Pride?
This is Pride.
It's not about profit
It's about the guns
isn't it?
It's about the White people
telling what people are doing.
For goodness sake.
Look at these guns.
For people that haven't
got tickets.
Have you seen that video
online? Because
I'm shook by what people
have said online. I'm
gonna go to other Prides
and show that this is not
who I am.
It's fabulous to be here
at the most inclusive
Pride
in history London 2019.
Pride is amazing.
Woooo.
You are so cute.
Can I have a kiss?
How racist is the
LGBTQ community?
I've experienced it
firsthand absolutely.
Definitely through dating
apps. in person in bars
in gyms. everywhere.
So what do you think
about cultural
appropriation?
I love your T-shirt.
Tell us what's your
favourite sexual
position or need we ask?
What do you think of the
protests going on in
Birmingham?
We need to start with
inclusive education from
the very beginning.
A lot of fear is based
upon ignorance so you
know the people who are
protesting I'd
encouraged them to
educate themselves and
love and live
and let live.
I think at the end of the
day we gotta express
this with love.
Parents are protesting
against kids being taught
not to be homophobic.
Oh fuck them.
You wanna lick pussy
lick pussy.
You wanna do this
do that.
You wanna suck dick?
Suck fucking dick.
Brrrraap.
Pop your number
in my fucking phone.
I'm not gonna lie I'm a
little a bit nervous today.
I'll tell you why.
I got a whole Channel 4 team
filming this for
national TV innit so
I'm low key bricking
it a little bit.
Yeah so I'm presenting
a documentary on
young people's
mental health
and this night is just
incredibly important for
platforming conversations
and creative ways of
expressing a conversation
about this topic.
We are holy
We are holy in liquid
size and sweat soaked skin
I cannot tell
where she ends and I
begin as love interweaves
through estuaries of limb
in this tapestry of
brown. It is not a sin.
it is a call to prayer
wherever my name leaves
her lips with devotion.
I know that God is here.
Whenever I am with her.
By opening up too much.
sometimes we can kind of
like be more vulnerable
than you you're prepared
to be. Yeah. I mean. I
felt like that when I
first came out in the
scene at the age of 15 /
16 years old. things
weren't great at home. I
came out and that didn't
go down so well with my
family. So I needed a
community just to like
embrace me and love me
and just be be where I
could find a home and I
thought that was the
LGBTQ community in
Glasgow in London. But
unfortunately what I
experienced wasn't the
cultural understanding
that I needed. the racial
understanding the
understanding of my lived
experience of racism up
to that point at school
you know because I had
come with those traumas
and the White people that
I was meeting on those in
the LGBTQ community
weren't able to
understand that trauma.
you know. but if we're
prepared with the
information empowered
with the information. we
can actually really.
really help each other.
So much. there's so much
potential for healing so
much but I think you're
right it's just not
being scared to have
those conversations.
Hey.
Hello hello.
How's it going?
This is Phoenix.
We brought
guests.
Hi Phoenix.
Say hello.
Hi babe.
Prides.
Okay so you haven't been
to any of the Prides yet
have you?
No I literally
missed all of it.
You gotta go to Bi Pride.
Bi Pride's coming up.
Wait. there's a Bi Pride?
I met Ferhan at the
protests at the
Birmingham Protests.
Amazing. I was just like.
Oh my God. just just the
way you actually just
just spoke to them and
confronted them.but it
wasn't like patronising
it was just like just
straightforward
questions and they
revealed their own
prejudices and it was
just great to see that.
It's like when you catch
at bitch out.
And the next day you was
at Birmingham Pride.
Birmingham Pride wanted
to promote the message of
inclusion and have
Muslims queer Muslims
like us just at the
front. The rest of the
queer Muslims were doiing
interviews. So I thought
you know what
I'm quite bored here
I don't know anyone.
So I'm gonna leave. So I just
went up to the security guard
and said I'm just going
to go but is there anyway
I can get a wristband
just to come back in later on?
Oh okay.
So then they cottoned on
that I didn't have a wristband.
I saw you go in and
I knew that you had access
so when I saw the video
I was just like what?
Maybe I was resistant to
leaving I guess you
know. but I don't think
that I deserve to have my
head caught in a
headlock. And for my face
to be smashed against the
floor of the concrete.
Now the protesters are
using that ammunition and
saying okay well this
is your activist. This is
what the gay
community is.
You see that's what's so
irritating about these
protests is that no one's
teaching these like five
year old children about
like gay sex they're
telling you that this is
what is out there in the
world. You can't hide
truth from children.
It's also understanding
like that we need to be
teaching our children how
to love healthily and
that love manifests in
all different ways and
we can love each other in
so many different ways.
And that's it.
It's such a basic concept.
That becomes politicised
and used to oppress.
Because we touched on
escapism and how that
like can take place in so
many different forms like
drugs but actually how
we can escape ourselves
through Whiteness is
real you know and
trying to like be
anything but what we are
in a White world through
loving someone who's
White and trying to like
like for me I was with
you know I've only
had White partners really
and like like as in in
terms of committed long
term relationships.
I mean I've just been a
slag all my life so I
don't discriminate. Brown.
Black. green. yellow.
I grew up in a very Asian
area. maybe if I'd been
put up in a White area
then I would have just
gravitated towards who
was local to me. For me.
I've always had Asian
partners like right from
the get go.
I am breaking this
stereotype within my head
this urge within me to
like go after someone I
was socialised to find
attractive someone light
skinned you know I'm
challenging myself.
Do you think
it's rebellious in a way?
Are you doing it
out of protest?
You know it unfortunately
is but it's the most
rewarding protest I've
ever done.
Well I'm sure it was
after what I heard about
a certain someone.
You know with
Rainbow Films I did a
little interview with
this very very
attractive Black guy.
Good for you man you
gotta do what you gotta do.
We chatted a little while
after that and he came
over here. That's right.
That's the tea. He came
over here. We had sex
right here outside in the
garden.
On this table?
No just underneath on the
floor and then like we
were rolling around and
then he took me upstairs
and he gives me the most
intense anal orgasm I've
ever had in my life.
Well let's cheers to
Ferhan's sexual
emancipation.
Yes.
When we rise. it's about
community. It's about
love.
UK Black Pride is a
political statement. It
is by us and it for us.
Aaron.
Hi Aaron. Shahmir.
How are you alright?
Together we are
Mar/Comms.
We're Mar/Comms of UK
Black Pride.
OK sick.
Here goes.
She's ready. That didn't
take long.
From a comms perspective.
Like I'm always answering
the question like why UK
Black Pride is important.
And the only people who
asked that question have
never been to UK Black
Pride. And you can tell
because people who've
been would never ask that
question. If I didn't
define myself for myself.
I would be crunched into
other people's fantasies
for me and eaten alive.
Maybe I should just say
that. Yes. Lord.
Mashallah.
Babe I cried at first UK
Black Pride.
That's because
you're a faggot.
Okay guilty. Yeah also
because
I'm just kidding.
But also because seeing
all those like Black and
Brown bodies was so
intense. When we get into
that space that is so
healing that like I
don't think anyone brings
trauma with them into the
UK Black Pride space.
Whereas with mainstream
Prides we're kind of we
never get to let our
guard down. Also at UK
Black Pride you don't
have to wave a rainbow
banner to be there. Yeah.
Whereas like with
mainstream Prides and
not just in the UK but
all over the world. Like
it seems like a
prerequisite for
celebration that you're
covered in rainbows and
actually what we see UK
Black Pride is a
demonstration of culture.
Mario Mieli suggests that
homosexuality is natural
because it's a form of
self love. Like of
course you'd be
attracted to the same sex
because you love
yourself.
Like there's so much
discord in our community.
And that's
not just across
racial lines but it's
across gender and gender
identity and I think
there's so much division.
We want everyone to come
to UK Black Pride.
I think it's important to
have allies there at UK
Black Pride but I also
think it's important for
allies to recognise that
for us as queer Black
and Brown and Asian and
non White people that it
is so rare for us to have
a space where we can
truly be ourselves.
I believe that telling
our stories first to
ourselves and then to
one another and the
world is a revolutionary
act. Growing up I've
been policed a lot about
the way I present myself.
It's not been the easiest
to fit into society's
norms or ideals of what a
person should look like
or behave like our appear
like and being a
Bollywood dancer that
comes with added
difficulties because
Bollywood as an industry
is very heteronormative.
There are a lot of toxic
narratives queer
characters aren't given
that sort of privilege
and that sort of respect
to be full fledged
characters. They are seen
as almost caricatures and
for comic relief. So it's
all about questioning and
challenging that through
performance and art. And
that's what we did
through the London School
of Bollywood which I'm
which I'm a part of and
we went on to Britain's
Got Talent we addressed
gender fluidity we
brought that to the
forefront using dance.
And we did get backlash.
Yes because
understandable I guess
because people aren't
used to this kind of
visibility. But honestly
the love and the positive
feedback that we got
trumped it all we had
judges standing up we had
audience members standing
up we've had people from
all across the world send
messages of Support. I've
had loads of people come
up to me sharing their
personal stories coming
out to me and sort of
finding comfort in that
visibility that we were
able to create through
our dance.
Shall we change
it up me on top?
So just a
couple more.
That's nice actually.
Well as South Asians we
just don't even mention
those subjects we don't
talk about sex sexuality
mental health and that's
a problem. Me Him Us
that's testing for me to
protect me testing for
him to protect him the
partner and protecting us.
All of us. It's like some
important for our
community to like come
together. I don't think
we do that enough. We're
too busy like bickering.
Well exactly like this
Photoshoot today means a
lot to me because it's
like we're just showing
that we can be intimate
with each other.
Yeah.
An that can be on on
billboards across the city.
Like how often do you see
South Asian queer love.
I've never seen it.
I don't know if you saw I'm
gonna be on a panel.
I did. I'm so
excited for you.
And I need your advice
because you've been on
like you're like famous
'I'm on panels everywhere '
I'll give you it all.
I'll spill the tea.
So what do I do?
I'm so nervous.
You're such a smart
intelligent guy you're
gonna be really good at
it I really believe in you.
Oh it's just like so I'm
talking about like.
bisexuality and being a
person of colour and that
like intersection in it
all. Like when you start
talking about this kind
of stuff every time I
have I upsetting people.
If I know anyone that
knows bisexuality and the
intricacies of that
it's you.
I don't shut up about it.
Wow. she thinks she's
gonna have a problem
going on stage taking
about it? Like it's a
problem stopping you
talking about it.
So obviously the family
situation is very tense.
And I don't want people
to like jump on me like
if I see something wrong.
When I went to Birmingham
and I encountered the
protesters in Birmingham.
I got some backlash from
the Muslim community like
why are you disagreeing
with these protesters?
Why are you sexualising
our children? You're
gonna face this backlash.
That's what makes us so
strong and brave and beautiful.
I'm just gonna lean on
you and be like help me.
I've got you I've got you
sister. Yeah.
Right so we're here at
Philly's place.
She wants to shoot today
about your alter egos.
And in this case I'm
kind of doing like a Desi
superhero.
I'd rather it looks
strong. bold masculine.
Cool.
Basically everything that
I'm not.
Like that please. I was
planning on doing this
shoot yeah. I was gonna
get Vaneet and Ferhan to
kiss in different high
streets and then get
people's reactions.
Like you'd risk probably
getting beaten up. no?
Is there that?
But I mean the fact that
you just said that says
it all innit.
Yeah. totally. I get
scared because I'm just
like what do we have to
do to prove
I personally wouldn't do
it I'd shit it.
But then obviously Ferhan
and Vaneet are quite bold
in that sense.
So they probably would
do. So I'm gonna talk to
them about it.
Hey babe. where
are you at?
I'm outside
the building.
Okay. cool. I'm just
gonna I'm just gonna send
Philly to come and get
you yeah?
If you just come round if
you just come round the
front Philly's gonna come
out now.
Okay he's Philly.
Okay wicked cheers.
Go on.
You're not gonna be
kissing your little
boyfriend on the street
I've got a fucking son.
You're not gonna do it no
you're not. You do that
behind closed doors.
Do you think we're gonna
stop now you said.
You do what you want.
It not something my son's
gonna see. My son's not
gonna grow up like you to
think it's right to get
stabbed in your ass.
Fucking batty.
Excuse me?
Batty boy.
Philly I feel like the
more visible I've gotten.
the more vulnerable I've
gotten to hate crime.
Coming out as queer on
national television
straight after that I got
recognised in the street.
This group of South Asian
guys in a car and I'm
assuming must have been
Muslim but they
recognise me so they must
have been watching that
programme. 'Hey. you're
that gay bastard.' And
then they pursued me
whilst I was on my bike.
Which wow okay.
Yeah they pursued me
down the street and then
they slowed down to like
basically just stop and
hurl abuse at me. I mean
they did actually find
the perpetrator. Okay
because I recorded the
number plate.
Well done.
And they took me in for
an identity parade but
get this. Right. So I go
to the police station.
There's two police
officers there. The first
one talks me through the
process he says 'you're
going to do an identity
parade it's going to be
on video.' And I instantly
recognise the
perpetrator.
Right.
So I was like oh it's
number six police officer
and he's like 'oh. right
you okay sure?' And I was
like yeah I had a
feeling might be number
ten. But I'm sure it's
number six. He like oh
okay. So then we finish
the interview and then we
take it takes me to
another room. He's like
you identified the
correct perpetrator. But
because you mentioned
another perpetrator the
case has collapsed. We
can't take any further
sorry.
What?
Yeah.
Poke my eye out.
Poke your eye out
with what?
I want to be comfortable
with myself publicly
I want to you know let
everyone know that I am
bi and I love it but
I'm just scared of
the consequences.
I might not have
a home.
If I literally come out
then my parents will
literally kicking me out
if they see this you
know my Dad he's always
just like oh you know
he's always talking about
how he wants this kind of
perfect life with me and
some Indian guy and when
I was younger and I
first came out I got so
much shit for it.
I was literally bullied to
absolute hell and I
finally gotten over that.
I don't know how I'm
supposed to kind of live
this public life but
still somehow hide in my
own home. I have to
sacrifice one or the
other. And I don't know
which one it's going to
be. I don't know I don't
know which one it's going
to be. I really want to
do this. But that's why
is this so hard because
I'm thinking if I do
this there's
no going back.
Yeah.
I'm quite excited with
what Hungama has managed
to achieve in the last year.
It's been one year
since I started doing the
party monthly and it's
been maybe a year and a
half since I started
doing the party in
general. I basically just
got to a point where I
was working in fashion
for like almost 8 years
and art and I was
just feeling very like
isolated. I felt like the
only queer person. the
only Brown person. the
only Canadian person. And
so I just had a case of
the fuck its and I was
like I'm just gonna
throw a Bollywood party
and I'm just gonna invite
whoever wants to come
that really gave me this
the foundation to keep
doing them even though I
didn't know if they were
going to work. Keep doing
them even though they
weren't making money.
Keep doing them even
though I had no idea what
I was doing. And it was
things like yoga.
meditation. mindfulness.
I mean I've taken CBT
therapy I've like I
learned how to meditate
off YouTube. I listened
to podcasts about like
how to believe in
yourself when I go to
sleep and I thought what
better way to finish off
our series of one year
anniversary things than
by just doing that
altogether and actually
being and collectively
sharing that experience.
I've been singing
forever I'm from
Leicester wasn't really
getting anywhere that
exciting there just being
pigeonholed a lot of
people telling me 'oh we
should sing like you know
Punjabi' but I'm like
babes I can't even talk
it. I don't even know
what you want me to do.
So I like run away moved
to London at 17 and I've
been trying to like carve
a lane for myself. And I
think I really come into
my artistry since I've
found my community of
like queer POC queer
South Asians because it
wasn't until I found the
support of people like me
that I felt I could like
authentically be myself
in my music. For a long
time. I believe or not
was pretending that I was
straight like people were
going believe it.
Honestly it was like yeah
because I didn't think
get signed especially as
like a South Asian guy.
First of all I was
trying to pretend I
wasn't Brown.
I was just like I've just
got a tan like I'm mixed
race.
I was not a coconut.
I just didn't want to
adhere to a lot of the
kind of pressures that
are put upon me you
know being queer like
you said was out of the
question. So I think even
by me exercising my
queerness even as
pretending to be
straight but I just
couldn't help it. It was
it like it was it just
wasn't it wasn't it
wasn't Brown to them.
That was very you know
but then it's so funny
because the same people
that are calling me that
used to call me coconut
I'm now going back home
and trying to have
conversations with them
about white privilege.
And they're like 'no you
know don't don't rock
the boat.' Like first
like okay I don't
understand am I a
coconut? Or am I a White
person hater? Like what
really is it?
I'm much more interested in
having a conversation with a
South Asian person my age and
ask them why are they
perpetuating an archetype
that doesn't exist in
their own family homes?
Why are they pretending
they don't drink? Why
they pretending they
don't smoke? Why they
pretending they don't
have sex. I was like
because you're actually
creating a huge unsafe
area about like all these
tripwires that come up
when they start doing
this without proper
knowledge without these
issues actually coming to
light. And I was like
and creativity is when
like we as creatives
learn all this stuff in
the trenches. And like
it's important for us to
come together so having
this conversation.
Oh my god I loved it so
much. When we came in
there's already so much
that we could relate to
everyone in the room we
don't even have to say
anything and everyone's
already had the same you
know South Asian queer
experience the same
trying to figure out
themselves. There's such
a problem that we face
with trying to balance
our identities with being
South Asian in Britain
and then being queer
in such a straight
environment. So it was
really nice hearing
someone say it out loud.
And it made me feel like
it's okay to be South
Asian and it's okay to be
British. It's okay to be
both at all times
I don't have to tone
anything down. And I
really really like that
because I want to kind of
own that more.
Standby.
Roll camera.
Action.
I'm queer.
I'm here. Closets are for
clothes not for people.
I'm bi what are you gonna
do about huh?
What you gonna
do bitch?
We're here. we're queer
we will not live in fear.
We're here. we're queer.
I spent so many years
suffering in denial. I
don't want anyone else to
experience that pain.
I'm here. I'm queer. And
I'm a Muslim. I exist
get over it.
The more we put ourselves
out there and the more
visible we are. The more
we can contribute to
normalising queer people
of colour within society.
You are wearing
underwear yeah?
Huh? Yeah.
Good. No one wants
to see that.
Don't worry honey it's
not for you.
Don't worry honey
I don't want it.
No one's asking.
The shade.
Basically with Rainbow
Films we're in a really
great position because
we're working with a lot
of community
organisations and through
them I've been able to
get in touch with some
really great people and
I think for us we're
trying to create a
platform that enables
people to have a voice
and empowers them and
it's about visibility
about seeing people that
look like them talk like
them from the same
neighbourhoods and
they're living great
lives. They're living
happy lives as open
people. It's just made me
so much more comfortable
in my skin in terms of my
sexuality. It's given me
a purpose.
It's allowed me to
connect with people.
I think so.
And I just don't feel the
shame. I don't feel that
shame of being out or
people know.
Could we maybe have maybe
just silhouettes of crew.
Yeah.
With a boom pole and a
camera and stuff.
I'm extending his
love to you here today.
Giving you the
opportunity to repent.
What can I do
to repent for you?
Turn to Jesus Christ.
Yeah?
And renounce
homosexuality.
Why is that a problem
for Jesus Christ.
Because it's a sin.
Where does it say
it's a sin?
First Corinthians.
Yep.
And chapter six
from verse nine.
Read it to me.
Show me exactly where
it says it's a sin.
Do you wanna read it
together?
I can't read.
It says do you not know
that the unrighteous will
not inherit the kingdom
of God? Do not be
deceived. In other words
don't try to convince
yourself that it's okay.
If God lives inside you
is that the same as
myself entering you?
No. your perception of
what the Bible says is
very different to what
God actually means to say.
You are no more
Christian than I am.
I am about a
baptised Christian.
I don't think you
actually Christian -
Oh really? So you're out
here judging me too.
You wouldn't be out here
opposing the word of God.
I am opposing to the
word of God? I am
opposing you.
Do not judge people.
God is the judge -
Thank you very much for
your comments and trying
to oppose the word of
God but I'm going to
continue preeching now.
You think I'm opposing
the word of God?
As I was saying to my
friends everyone has the
freedom to either
contribute to the support
of this practice and
continue to live in sin
or turn away from sin and
make peace with God.
Because my friends only
those who obey Jesus
Christ and live according
to his teaching be
allowed into His kingdom.
And the same way you live
in this country. you have
to abide by the law.
For me I used to be a
drunkard I used to be a
liar I used to be a
theif. I used to you know
take drugs. I used to go
to the club. I used to be
a bigger sinner. So I'm
no better than these
people I'm just set apart
by the grace of God.
And I've had my sins
forgiven and so -
Are you gay?
Yes I am queer.
What?
Queer Pakistani Muslim
woman.
What do you mean queer?
Well it's a reclamation
of that word because -
I remember queer back in
the days in the 70s.
So the idea is it was
used as a derogatory term.
Yeah queer.
And we are we reclaiming
that in a powerful way to
say that this
is who we are.
What do you think the
implications are for
people coming out
especially for black
people coming out?
It's horrible. And it
makes you go lulu
mental.
Well you know know
what I mean I'm just
talking straight. You
know when you're mental
you're mental.
I mean -
A normal mental.
And then there's the gay
mental. Sorry.
I mean I'm gonna say like
that term is politically
incorrect because I'm a
psychologist.
Right there's normal
mental you're mental.
You're off key.
And there's a mental
where you can't express
yourself and your
feelings to people and it
gives you a bit of a
mental feeling.
Listen some people want
to commit suicide.
Naz and Matt Foundation
started in 2014 sadly
as a result of my fiance
and soulmate Naz sadly
taking his own life two
days after his family
confronted him about his
sexuality. The start of
the breakdown was
actually Naz being
criticised because he
didn't want to go to a
family funeral. And the
reason why he would not
go want to go to that
family funeral is because
he was sick and tired of
being been asked 'Why
aren't you married?' And
then he said on the phone
and I'll never forget
this. He said I've told
them. Now there's no
build up to this
conversation so I
thought that's why I
asked him - told them
what? And then even
though he was on the
phone that I couldn't see
his face. I could hear.
I could hear that huge
breath that he took when
he said everything. I've
told them everything and -
I've been in that
Pakistani home where
you're carrying you
know so much weight
constantly and I think
shame is the way to speak
to a lot of this and what
I think a lot of people
carry for just being who
they are and if you're
not having a place to
speak to that to let that
weight to come off or for
that to be met with love
or acceptance. it rots
you on the inside it
completely like I don't
have words to put to that
and I can only imagine
what he was carrying to
that point in which it
was just there was no
other way out and I've
been to those places
personally and I think
that we need to be
speaking more about the
consequences in terms of
our mental health and
especially when it comes
to intersections of
particular identities and
families that are
repeatedly shaming you
know and cultures are
repeatedly shaming us for
who we actually are.
My pleasure is my
power my moan becomes a protest
against all I have ever
been told.
You attempt to reprimand
me every time that you
tell me.
I'm supposed to try hard
to make roti and dhal.
I'm supposed to steer
clear of queer company.
I'm supposed to grow my
hair and wear salwar kamaaz
I'm supposed to find a
nice aadmi to take care
of me.
Well I would daringly
care to disagree.
But please let the
flowers of my Pakistani
powers interweave with
ease through my identity.
My love is not limited
to body parts.
It is about the passion
that seers between two
human hearts and there
is no part of you that
will make me feel shame
for who and how I love.
Can I have a talk
with you?
What's up?
I was speaking to
Manpreet and she was
saying that you were
having a chat with her.
And you were saying
that you don't
think like bisexuality is
real or something.
I don't know what it was.
No no no I didn't say
that in the conversation
I was talking about my
own personal experience.
And I was talking about
how when I was growing
up. I kind of said to my
friends and everyone else
that was bisexual and I
go to me it seems like
Vaneet is doing
the same thing.
That's so invalidating.
Like I told you my story.
I told you how
hard it was.
I told how it
was like
I didn't know if
I liked women
I liked men
because I kept
flipping back and forth
I didn't have a
term for it
so I didn't know
what the hell I was
I thought I
was weird.
I don't think you realise
how difficult it is to be bi
you're saying its easier
and it'll soften the blow
but we have like higher
rates of suicide
and depression
and anxiety
we're less likely
to come out.
And it's horrible because
we go out into the LGBT+
community then we
get people like that going
'You're not actually bi
though. you're gonna come
out as gay later.
you'll choose a side.'
We're not gonna
choose a side.
This is my Mum.
And this is brother in
law Tunde.
My whole family's here.
You'll be fine.
You'll be amazing.
This guy pops off on
Twitter twenty four
seven. In real life its
gonna be the same thing.
I'm gonna be like Twitter
but in real life.
Watch me watch me.
You will never like not be
like oh I can't think of
something to say.
Oh yeah no I mean I'm
always gonna have
something to say.
Hi everyone it's very
loud very loud person
I apologise. So I'm a queer
person of colour.
My background is Indian. I
identify as bisexual and
queer. I also do writing
in my spare time and I
was published in the
Bible Volume 2 which
you may have seen
being sold here today.
I can't remember a time
were I didn't feel
othered honestly. I grew
up in Southall and it's
a very South Asian area
and it was rife with
toxic masculinity which
we all love and when I
finally did come to terms
with my sexuality and I
finally did come out I
went into LGBT+ spaces
and it was lovely to have
all these LGBT+ friends
apart from the fact they
just didn't want to talk
about race.
They just didn't.
Anytime I bring up
cultural appropriation.
preferences. Yeah it's
not preference mate any
single time I would say
this stuff people there
would always be at least
one person in the room
would be like 'can you
just stop talking?' And
they just didn't want to
hear because all of them
were just White cis gay
men.
So I was like right well
I need to go somewhere
else. So I found queer
people of colour spaces
and you think well okay
maybe that will be
better but just like
with the White cis gay
spaces biphobia existed.
Oh my god
congratulations.
You look
so gorgeous.
Aw I love it.
We're gonna walk
past and see us
on the street.
Oh that's
gonna be so lush.
Do you drink diet Coke?
I normally drink normal
Coke it will do. I'm not
that much of a queen just
coz I'm on photos now.
For people of colour
it's always like one or
the other. Either you're
ignored or you're
fetishised.
And for me I'm always in
the ignore category
because like there's so
many other things on top
of me being Asian that
just don't like.
Is it easy to
tell that I'm Asian?
Yes.
You can still tell
because your eyes
there's a lot of space
around your eyes.
So shall I put some
foundation on.
Pretend to be
White for a day?
You're gonna go to a
circuit party and just
pretend that you're
White that's what
you wanna to do?
Yeah I'd be
more successful.
And when it happens just
be like suprise bitch.
Look you kissed
a Paki.
I haven't tested my
limits to be honest but
if I were to test my
limits again then I
guess I would use the
ultimate penetrating
cream. I have had to
train myself up a bit
first. But spit is quite
popular these days.
That's what you want
really a spit and shove.
I don't know if you're
aware actually but I
only ever go for an
uncut dick. I like mine
nice and haram.
I'm growing my
foreskin using -
How'd you grow
foreskin?
It's using a foreskin DTR
called a dick restorer
But you're Muslim I'm
Muslim were circumcised -
Yep foreskin restorer.
So you can stretch your
skin and all of the skin
cells when you separate
them they start to
undergo mitosis so they
replicate. So you can
replicate all of those
skin cells from your
foreskin a little bit
that you got left.
Yeah I got a device and
it pulls it everyday
while I'm at work
under the desk.
Yeah but it takes about
6 months or 8 months.
I don't know if you're
lying to me.
It's called intactivism.
Everyone on Grindr is
like oh you're gonna be
my like sub bottom boy
and I'm like other way
round sis.
Don't let the hair fool
you. Don't let the Asian
fool you.
Oh look
douche cleansing.
I just hate all of these
like sub communities.
And fact that they're
like let's have a flag
and I'm like why? You're
not a marginalised group.
And when we get a flag
with black and brown
stripes suddenly
it's like oooh.
'No you can't
be a group
because that's racist.'
But you can have
a bear flag.
Only do things that
you're absolutely
comfortable with. Don't
feel any pressure to do
anything that you don't
want to do of course.
If at any point you guys
feel like you're in
danger just shout out a
safe word or a code
word. Yeah what would
you want to use?
Pineapple.
OK pineapple.
And then I've got this
DJI so this is a gimbal.
So I'm going to be
basically hovering around
you looking like a
pervert following you
like this. The point of
it is to see how gay
friendly or queer
friendly the high street
is so it might even be
that people like don't
even batter an eyelid.
I feel like we haven't
actually been on the
date this is like our
first date but like
recorded
which is weird.
Yeah.
Pronouns are he him they
them. When I was like 13
I used to wear boys
clothes all the time. I
was actually secretly
happy on my friend broke
the head off my Barbie.
About three years ago I
experienced homophobia
where I work. I used to
work in finance as a
trader in Canary Wharf. I
basically interviewed for
the job as a feminine and
I kind of became more and
more masculine towards
the end of my time there.
And that became a bit
confusing for them so it
didn't really go so well
and then I ended up
getting bullied for it
and like my hands were
like shaking at work and
shit. Yeah.
How bullied like how?
Swearing laughing
jeering.
They would walk
past me and then
click pens and be like 'when
she's gonna get fired?
Does she know she's
gonna get fired?
Who's gonna
fire her?'
So I ended up with PTSD
and it took me 2 years
to recover.
Day one my parents
couldn't even hug me
they couldn't come
into my room
because I'd have a
panic attack I was
that scared of
people.
I had to relearn how
to eat in public how to
read how to write in
public like I literally
couldn't work at all for
like two years.
People who have a problem
with it well I'm like
people already had a
problem with me before so
I am a Black trans man.
I'm starting to feel a
bit uncomfortable.
You're so nervous.
Look at you.
I am
a bit nervous.
Those guys they're
like three of them.
They saw that I saw them
and they started like
just looking but like
very intensely.
Some people were curious
or some people were
getting a bit aggressive.
How vegan does it taste?
It actually tastes like
sausage.
Hey hello.
Yeah I'm just a bit
concerned that I think
the more I become who I
am as an individual it
means that I'm going to
have to deal with like
more prejudice like my
partners will have
prejudice.
My children are going to
have prejudice. It's just
gonna be a lot of pain
for a lot of people.
Just because I want to
accept who I am as as an
individual.
I went through hell and
I've come on the other end
so I should speak
about what happens it
doesn't happen
to anyone else.
You should see how she's
looking at us.
You should see it.
She's horrified.
Horrified?
Yeah.
Oh.
She's just like.
analysing us and
everything.
I think she thinks I
can't see her.
Everyone is watching
us on the bus.
Yeah I know I know.
Everyone is.
Yeah we should actually
go on like an actual date.
You're cool.
This is where
I grew up.
Yeah.
I've spent most of
my life here.
Sure.
I wasn't out when I was
here to be out and being
in Southall and like it's
exactly what I thought it
would be.
You're right.
I've not seen a single
person walk by who hasn't
had a look.
And the looks are not
positive looks.
If looks could kill.
It just confirms for me I
could never be out here.
It could never come to
Southall and be out and
be whatever.
Okay.
I just live my life
without reactions or
without feeling unsafe.
For me when I come here
to a place like this
where I see people of my
culture living their
lives but not really
changing their mindsets.
I'm very inclined to
change their mindset by
public displays of
affection.
Yeah.
So for me is very like
I'm not gonna like hold
back I want to like full
on kiss I might even
take my clothes off.
I used to come to this
high street all the time.
I'm pretty sure I used to
come to dentist here. My
family used to have a
business here.
Like this. this is my
this is everything to me.
This is this is this is
my whole life.
You have a connection a
personal. heartfelt
connection to this area.
And you you want to be
fully accepted for your
whole self when you're
And it's sad because
like. no matter what
happens in my life. no
matter where I go. a tiny
piece of my heart will
always be here.
It's Beyonce.
Happy Black Pride.
Oh my god.
Look at you.
Look at that this.
Why does it look
like Glastonbury?
What have you done?
That stage is immense.
We got a little bit
more money.
If I say UK
you say Black Pride.
UK
Black Pride
Black Pride.
Ryan Lanji. Who is the
innovator and creator of
East London's queer
Bollywood night called
Hungama.
Performing for UK Black
Pride was an honor.
There's this weird moment
where like time didn't
exist and like those
moments when you're a kid
with your parents and
you're partying at a
wedding and you hear a
song and you hear a tune
and your soul feels it
I could feel it and
everyone in the audience
I just I just phenomenal.
And so about coming and
exploring. learning and
being together with
everyone you didn't
realise was there.
As a queer Muslim who's
living in Birmingham who
grew up in Birmingham
how did you find the
impact in relation to
seeing what was going on
with the protests?
I'm not from Birmingham?
Can you not tell I'm from
Glasgow.
I have this opportunity
this platform and yes
this privilege to be able
to go to the community
ask some questions and
challenge them and then
leave again and not have
to deal unfortunately
with what people that
actually live in the
community like people in
the street what they
have to deal with
because yes they are
marginalised as Muslims
and they deal with
racism. So I would say
moving forward I think
we need to have love in
our hearts and really
open up dialogue and be
able to trust each other
more.
I think the LGBTQ
community has a lot of
work to do you know and
I think the more of us
who read up on history
queer history
specifically and the
liberation movements the
more we begin to
understand that we're
kind of we're still
fighting a lot of the
same fights and a lot of
those fights are
internal right we're
fighting with each other.
We're protecting
ourselves from each
other we're trying to
bridge the divide we're
trying to have these
conversations across
party lines and
racial lines.
So this Pride here
is inclusive.
This Pride here caters
for our migrants
our refugees our
asylum seekers
our Black and Brown
queer folk
our homeless. people who
are trying to get into
the workforce.
It is the most inclusive
Pride you will come across.
This is the place
where you can be
100 per cent free.
This is the place were
you are not too Black.
You are not too White.
You are are not too Brown.
You are not too short.
You are not too tall.
You are not too fat.
You are not too maga.
You are not too gay.
You are not too straight.
You are not too butch.
You are not too fem.
You are not too undecided.
You are not too binary.
You are not anything
except too brainwashed to
realise how beautiful you are.
This is where you belong.
Hi I'm Aaron from
Beyonce experience you're
watching Rainbow Films at
UK Black Pride.
I've been here since 6am
when it was raining and I
honestly thought wow are
people even gonna come
you know in the rain.
Every time I pop out my
head it just seems to
like double in size with
the vibe and energy here.
I can feel it backstage
like I'm gonna have
absolute chills going on
that stage for
that audiene.
I've never been so
excited for a performance
you know this
performance and what I'm
doing today has been in
my head for probably
about four or five
months.
I am so proud of Aaron
Carty like I don't think
that people realise how
much work he puts into
the Beyonce experience.
The handmaking of all of
the costumes. the
rehearsals. the dancers
everything.
If you like it you should
have put a ring on it.
The Beyonce experience.
When we rise.
Like over 10.000 people.
You make this happen.
So now you know what
as we walk off
we take Pride
in who we are.
No to racism
no to sexism
no to homophobia
no to biphobia
no to transphobia
no to any phobia at all.
It's incredible that an
event like UK Black Pride
exists.
You know the community
has shown me such
remarkable compassion and
empathy and I think it's
just a demonstration of
the potential of our
community right? We do
have it within us to
recognise each other's
humanity to treat each
other with kindness but
I think that if we're
going to get to where we
need to go we got to do
it together.
For weeks at the gates of
a primary school in
Birminghamt here were
loud protests claiming
teachers were promoting
homosexuality. Now pupils
working hard inside
Anderton Park Primary
School aren't disturbed
by demonstrations
outside. Today the High
Court in Birmingham ruled
an injunction stopping
the demos at the school
gates should be made
permanent.
Well I'm just glad that
we were able to
contribute to getting
these protesters banned
once and for all.
The police officer came
to you didn't they?
Yeah basically they
took a statement.
They came down here
they're in the office for like
three hours talking
about you know what
they're trying to do with
the case they did say it
was going to be quite
difficult to prove a lot
of things.
However she said the
footage that I submitted
the things that I filmed
outside with you in there
as well.
She said that was a
critical piece of
evidence that helped to
get them prosecuted and
without that piece of
evidence I don't think
they would have had the
case. There are gonna be
other groups are going
to be opposed to it but
this sends out a clear
message that hate speech
is not going to be
tolerated. This is just
the start. I think we've
got a lot more work to do.
Just thank you for
being a part of it.
Do you know what?
It's all about the Rainbow.
So you feeling
prepped for tonight?
Yeah I actually am feeling
prepped. I got my mic
ready so everything.
I was struggling so much
when I came out and I
never really saw anyone
like me and hopefully I
can try and be that for
other people.
You're really impacting
people now. And it's just
nice to know that
your voice is a voice
that matters now.
No I'm like I'm an angry
Twitter ranter that's
my identity.
You're bifurious.
Bifurious always.
Oh wait
there we go.
Yeah that's fine.
So as you can see this
exhibition is about
equality. diversity and
what we can do to make
minority voices heard and
a bunch of us have been
working on a huge project
that's the involvement of
the LGBTQ community and
how we as Indians and how
we as Brown people want
to be seen in the
community because we
don't have a voice. So a
lot of us has been have
been doing things through
activism and I've been
working on music that is
accepting who you are
despite of society and
people telling you that
you aren't allowed to
have both. You are
allowed to be queer and
Brown and you're allowed
to be yourself.
Hands together
falling on your knees.
You say he is good he is
grace he loves us
equally.
I'll hold her hand for
the whole world to see.
We'll write our names on
locks and chain them to
the city.
You can waste your time.
You can try to shun me.
Leave me with no roof
over my head.
I'll spend the night star
gazing with my lover instead.
And I love the way
I was meant to.
I was born to do.
And I love the way
I would want to.
So free.
That's such a
cute way to end it.
Thank you.
You smashed it.
Before this I never
really thought of
activism much. Now I've
made friends with so many
people who are doing so
many nice things for the
world and I want to be a
part of it. I want to
continue on with seeing
where I can go with
fitting my queerness into
my music and how I
can just create
more of a visible space
for people like me.
I've started this when I
was in these spaces and
they were all very White
and very gay. And through
this. I've met so many
people of colour. I've
met so many bisexual
people. We're having all
of these discussions and
you can have these
conversations so loudly
and openly. All I was
doing was just being
myself and suddenly
everyone's listening to
me and I feel like I
just want to keep going.
I just think it's time
for minds to change. We
can't allow this
narrative of homophobia
in the Muslim community
to go unchallenged
forever. I know that
queer Muslims like myself
me included definitely
will not allow homophobic
Muslims to take over the
narrative anymore.
It's time to have a queer
platform like this. It's
time for us to unite and
it's time for us to make
that difference.
Rainbow Films.
SUBTITLES BY
BLAISE SINGH